iOS: native support (#254)
getsentry/sentry-unity: samples/unity-of-bugs/Assets/Plugins/Sentry/SentryOptions.txt

#import <Foundation/Foundation.h>

> // IMPORTANT: DO NOT TOUCH! This file is generated during the Xcode project creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// IMPORTANT: Changes to this file will be lost! 
// This file is generated during the Xcode project creation.
```
